Peppa's family are on a
holiday in their camp van.
Good morning, my little piggies.
Good morning, Daddy pig.
I love camping.
Since we are in the countryside, I thought
we can spend the day looking at nature.
Good idea! Mummy pig.
Let's watch a nature program.
One of the wonders of nature--Birds
How lovely.
Aha aha...
Shoo, shoo, little birdy,
we can't hear our TV.
Oh! Daddy Pig, there is no point being on
a camping holiday and just watching TV.
We can do that at home.
Hum... Good thinking, Mummy Pig.
There're lots of fun places
we can visit. There's tree world.
What's tree world?
Tree world is a big forest full of trees.
It sounds a bit boring.
Or there is potato city?
What's potato city?
There's a tour with potato
fields ending with a potato tasting.
Sounds interesting.
Or there is Duckland.
What's Duckland?
It's a wide river full of ducks.
Duckland! Let's go to Duckland.
Peppa and George love ducks.
How do we get to Duckland?
Camp van can guide us.
Hello! Where are we going today?
Duckland, please.
Follow the road ahead in a straight line.
We’re going to Duckland in a camp van.
Welcome to Duckland.
How many tickets please?
Two adults and two children.
Enjoy the ducks.
Where are the ducks?
Maybe they are on holiday.
Let's have our picnic lunch.
The ducks always turn up...
When we have picnics.
Peppa and George love picnics.
Look! It's the duck. Stop daddy.
We need bread for the ducks.
Hoho, all right.
Hello Mrs. Duck!
Here come more ducks.
All the brothers and sisters are here.
And here come more ducks.
It's a Grammy and a Grandpa ducks.
And here are all the aunties and uncles.
That's the last of our picnic gum.
Ducks, say thank you to daddy pig.
You are most welcome.
I love Duckland.
It is time to go home.
I wonder what's the shortest way home.
Drive straight ahead into the river.
Oh! Are you sure?
Yes, drive into the river.
But we can't drive in the river.
Yes, it's talking nonsense.
Please press the blue button.
The camper van is driving into the river.
Our camper van has turned into a boat.
I wasn't quite expecting that.
Welcome to the car of the future.
Look! It's granddad dog and Danny dog.
Ahoy, there! Daddy pig.
Ahoy, there.
Sailing on a river in a camper van.
Drive up the next hill.
You have reached your destination.
We are home.
Thank your for your lovely
holiday Mrs. Camper van.
Your are most welcome.
It's nice going on a holiday but it's
nicer to be backing our own little house.
Goodnight my little piggies.
Goodnight.